# ZERO TIER: THE REX

Demi-gods.

Maybe that’s the best description we can come up with when talking about these enigmatic figures in Felisius’ proud war history. Or it could be an understatement of sorts.

The Rex are warlords without equal that encountering one in the open field of battle or funny enough, even in a crowded bar merits an automatic flee on sight reflex. Such is their aura of might that one can simply cower in fright once you realize you are on their opposite side.

Literal kings of open pitched battles, they say a war doesn’t really start or end until you see a Rex type dash through the battlefield to meet a counterpart and start a death dance so magnificent that there’s a strong possibility that you can even see your opponent put his blade down to watch both champions engage each other in a duel made by the heavens.

Leading their armies on the battlefront wearing ancient armors reminiscent of the old warrior kings of Felisius, and wielding weapons that only they can use, these magnificent creatures of ruin convey both inspiration and horror depending which side you are on.

With only the Light Lords (or if you really believe those tall tales about their counterparts, the Shadow Lords) and the three Shoguns outranking them, these harbingers can easily overwhelm opposing forces using their massive strength and supreme confidence, moving armies with just a swing of their sword and a stroke of their spears.

And did I happen to mention that there’s a very slim chance you might see them change their appearance if you’re lucky enough to get close and live to talk about it?
