docs/dao/utilities/staking.md, before:

# Staking (sToken)

Staking is a long-term strategy that uses a derivative of the main token, sToken, that allows ‘stakers’ to earn more tokens. In order to stake, a user must lock the main Token in exchange for sToken that allows him to earn more sToken.

The ratio of sToken to Token is always honored on a 1 to 1 basis.

To claim the main Token from sToken, sToken must be burnt and pay a fee equivalent to the main token’s intrinsic value, per sToken. The fee goes directly to the protocol’s treasury.

\[
1 \text{ }Token = 1 \text{ }sToken + Intrinsic \text{ }Value
\]

If the current Token price is $10, then the value gained by the staker is $9.98 upon swap. To make it attractive for users to stake tokens, a high APY would be offered.

Paying an intrinsic fee is necessary for the protocol to maintain its claim that each Token is backed by its intrinsic value.

Staking benefits both the staker by earning additional tokens, and the protocol by increasing its token supply while keeping each token backed as well as increasing PCV.

Commit message:

[edit] TOKEN, [added] dealing.md

docs/dao/utilities/staking.md, after:

# Staking (sTOKEN)

Staking is a long-term strategy that uses a derivative of the main TOKEN, sTOKEN, that allows ‘stakers’ to earn more sTOKEN. In order to stake, a user must lock the main TOKEN in exchange for sTOKEN that allows him to earn more sTOKEN.

The ratio of sTOKEN to TOKEN is always honored on a 1 to 1 basis.

## How to Stake?

To stake, you need to lock your TOKEN in the staking contract to receive an equal amount of sTOKEN. Your sTOKEN balance rebases up automatically at the end of every epoch.

## How to Claim Rewards?

To claim the main TOKEN from sTOKEN, sTOKEN must be unstaked (burnt) and pay a fee to receive an equal amount of TOKEN.

The fee goes directly to liquiduty.

\[
1 \text{ }TOKEN = 1 \text{ }sTOKEN + x \text{%} Fee
\]

To make it attractive for users to stake tokens, a high APY would be offered.

Paying an intrinsic fee helps the protocol to achieve greater PCV to have enough price cushion if unwanted price dumps occur.

Staking benefits both the staker by earning additional sTOKEN, and the protocol by increasing its TOKEN supply while keeping each TOKEN backed as well as increasing PCV.
