# Metazoa

Metazoa is a universe in a far distant galaxy. It is the only universe in the entire gamut of multiverses that has an intergalactic portal complex called Metagate that enables anyone to travel to different galaxies, universes, and planets.

This unique universe is smaller compared to other universes. It holds 12 solar systems, hosting the same number of stars that twinkle in the skies as seen from a distant planet. Each solar system has at least 9 planets and twice the number of moons revolving around a sun. The 12 suns of Metazoa include Helios Zoion, Ra, Sol Chrysalis, Stellaris, Adustion, Praelucio, Helios Proton, Solaris X-77, Asteria, Crimson Sun, M-Star 666, and Lucierne.

Of Metazoa’s 12 suns, the most prominent is Helios Zoion. The planets Felisius and Cainiaris circle this heavenly body for about 350 days a year. Cainiaris is known as having one of the highest population densities in Metazoa with complex infrastructures including mass transportation systems. The inhabitants of this planet are called Cainians. They are a canine race that has expanded their influence all over the galaxy. These dog-like alien creatures have organized an alliance to defend the Metagate. The group is called the Omni Alliance, and its members are simply called the Omnis. They are peaceful and are passionate about wisdom, order, and discipline.

Cainiaris was once referred to as “City Planet” before it became famous throughout Metazoa due to an incident. That incident has to do with the Feral Syndicators, which are mostly Felisians who believe that there are only 9 suns in Metazoa, attempting to access the Metagate, which resulted in a seemingly endless war.

Metazoa is a distant universe that lacks the kind of cosmopolitan developments seen in nearby universes. It is said to be just an ordinary galaxy shrouded in mystery. But once a visitor lands on a planet, such a preconceived notion would be rendered obsolete, as one can stand in awe of the advances in knowledge and technology.

The nearest galaxy to Metazoa is about 20 light-years away. This galaxy is called Cimmerian, and the closest planet to it is named Cromaios. Another solar system named Oas is at a distance of 40 billion miles from Metazoa, while the other neighboring galaxies are far away, and some may even be impossible to reach if not for Metagate that allows anyone, no matter how distant their destination, to traverse across the infinite space.

The discovery of the Metagate portal that leads to Earth has been the source of the conflict between the Feral Syndicators and the Omni Alliance. As the entrance and exit gateway of Metazoa, the Metagate Complex is under the supervision of an interplanetary council. And there are forbidden portals that should not be used, and one of them is the portal to the human world. When the Syndicators forced their way, the Omnis prevented them from entering the Metagate Complex altogether, which is as absurd as it gets. As a result, they secretly built an army of powerful warriors to defeat the Omnis, who thwarted all the Syndicators’ attempts at gaining entrance into Earth.

The Metagate is located somewhere in between Felisius and Cainiaris. It has multiple entrances and exits. The exterior of the portal is made up of exotic material called methiconium which can repel all forms of radiation and energy attacks while its interior is made up of materials that allow interstellar travel to proceed through the space-time continuum at great velocities without encountering any interruptions.

Although there are millions of other universes, Metazoa is the only one that makes faster interstellar travel possible. The only portal that leads into other universes and galaxies makes it an exclusive and unique universe. It takes less time to reach the planets in other galaxies through Metagate. The Felisians, for instance, have a fleet of spacecraft with a top speed of around 122 times faster than light.

Digitus Infinite Round Table (DIRT) is a cosmic council that features planetary representatives from across Metazoa’s nine suns who are responsible for managing intergalactic communications. Galaxy representatives organize inter-stellar meetings to air differences, resolve conflicts between groups or factions, set out directives on petty politics, and propose new committees for those who cannot go to or host meetings.

The most famous news cable service in Metazoa is the Soundly Fog. As its name suggests, this propaganda organization creates sets of stories called soundclouds. It airs the propaganda to developing galaxies, as it’s looking for audiences. Those who are interested in catching up on the latest events would tune into their multi-dimensional broadcasts available universe-wide without any geographical boundaries or artificial social restrictions.

Soundly Fog first originated as a cosmic radio station during the early days of operation on Felisius. The newscasts focus exclusively on heroism and mentalism to try to spark interstellar unification, bringing hope to an era that has seen more galaxies fall into ruin than ever before. Those who live in different parts of the world could enjoy multi-directional communications via this organization without social constraints surrounding listeners’ locations.
