# Planet Felisius

The first planet in the Metazoan universe that revolves around the star Helios Zoion, Felisius is a world of its own that hosts life forms and peculiar beings that govern its affairs. Its inhabitants are called Felisians.

The planet has three interconnected continents with mountains, valleys, rivers, lakes, and oceans. They are Machairos, Nimravia, and Panteraxx.

Viewing from a distance, Felisius glows like marble with three colors — blue, gold, and green. It’s like the eye of a cat. When the light of the star hits the surface, it reflects much of the light. It is due to the rocks and rich minerals of its crust. The planet is rich in diamonds, gold, silver, magnesium, rubies, and other minerals. It also has a rich deposit of felicumium, the strongest metal known in the entire Metazoa. The mineral is also the most precious treasure of its 100 million population.

Felisius has about 300 mountains equally distributed across its three continents. The highest mountain is Mt. Leo, with the highest peak standing 6,000 meters above sea level. Every continent is replete with lush forests and vegetation, lakes and waterways, and communities of different types of animal beings from the genus catus: wildcat, tiger, panther, lion, lynx, cheetah, puma, jaguar, leopard, liger, and ocelot. These cats are not domesticated because they are the only inhabitants of Felisius, but they have also ruled the planet for millennia. But an unfortunate and mysterious incident has caused their disappearance. Only the smaller cats, which are the Felisians, remained.

The planet has uniform weather that is ideal for cats. It is always warm and cozy. It rarely rains in Felisius. But there are fields of green throughout the three giant landmasses. The continent of Panteraxx, for instance, has an extraordinary scenery of mountains and fields filled with hues, prominently green, gold, and earth colors. Its cities have road infrastructures, buildings, and houses made of cardboard and special materials only found in Felisius.

Panteraxx constitutes almost half of the planet. The rest are left to the Machairos to the north and Nimravia to the south. The setting of each continent shares some similarities with the Earth’s countryside, but they have distinct characteristics. The air is sweet, and the breeze is mild, blowing the scent of grass and wildflowers. When the light of the sun hit the water in a pond, it would glitter and bring magic to the senses. There are ponds, big and small, throughout the land of Panteraxx, and there are rivers too that connect the lakes to the ocean that is filled with different kinds of fish.

The Felisians live on grains and vegetables as they outgrow the eating of raw and processed mouse meat. They grow their economy by farming in the countryside. Much of the arable lands are farms of the wealthy lords. They have a daimyo system where every territory is ruled by a lord who is a vassal to one of the Three Shoguns. Each continent has its Shogunate loyal to the throne called the Tri-Shogun. But working behind the scenes is the Divine Emperor, who is well-loved by his subjects and citizens.

The Felisians, cats or cat-like beings, are meta-felines that boast of their proud warrior lineage. But they choose to pursue peace despite their strong appetite for combat. Their bloodline is traceable way back to the ancient Metazoan Lords. They are the legendary Pantherius race of Panteraxx that once ruled Metazoa, whose influence spans generations of warriors. But the Felisians have the reputation as the first to surrender their claim to the Metazoic Throne. They favored the Ani-Pact Armistice Treaty forged between all Metazoic Settlers.

Interplanetary wars were not a common occurrence in the Metazoan universe until the advent of the two rival factions. The gallant Feral Syndicators and the ever-lawful Omni Alliance, whose original purpose was to fill the power vacuum left after the Pantherius race, clashed due to their opposing interests. The ancient kings of the Metazoans descended from the Pantherius race, who mysteriously vanished, leading the Felisians to formally abandon their claim to the throne, opting for a universal governance system.

These factions — while both righteous in their own ways — have struggled to work together. It is due to the irreconcilable differences stemming from past prejudices. With members and supporters clashing throughout the whole known Metazoan universe, an inevitable war finally broke out after the discovery of the infamous Metagate Complex, especially when one of the factions sought to access the portal that leads to Earth.

The ongoing war becomes the backdrop to the resurrection of the Order of the Felix, an ancient order of champions that rises whenever planet Felisius’ balance is threatened or in danger of a breakdown. Their so-called Shadow Lords are equal to the Light Lords in power and influence and appeared throughout history and have been instrumental in protecting Felisius in the shadows.

The Order of the Felix was named after a legendary prince who famously protected his younger brother, the Emperor, from a Tri-Shogun rebellion. The prince chose 12 champions from the common folks, named them all after him, for only a lord can challenge a lord, and won against the powerful Light Lords to save his brother’s life, but only after paying the ultimate price for it, and the throne. And every time the Order of the Felix shows up, it is to either support or challenge the existing system. Their 12 mightiest champions, later dubbed by the ordinary folks as the Shadow Lords, might not be as prominent as the Light Lords, but legendary stories about these humble warriors shows they’re beloved throughout the ages.

Today might not be the best time to visit Felisius because of the ongoing tension between the Feral Syndicators and the Omni Alliance. But the common cats, old and young, can be heard throughout Felisia, “Rise again, Order of the Felix, for your time, is nigh. Cast your shadows again so the light can burn brighter, so please heed our call and cry!”
